feat(pie-docs): DSW-1259 added components L-P (#840)
justeattakeaway/pie: apps/pie-docs/src/components/progress-bar/progress-bar.md

---
eleventyNavigation:
    key: 'Progress Bar'
    parent: Components
---

## Overview
The purpose of progress bars is to inform users about the progress of a task, reducing uncertainty, and providing a visual sense of completion. It helps manage expectations, improves user experience, and gives users a sense of control and understanding.

> You can use progress bars can in your products to show the advancement uploads, software installations, form submissions, loading processes or any task that involves sequential progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use progress bars in your products to show the progress of uploads/downloads, software installations, form submissions, loading processes or any task that involves sequential progress.
```
